3. Support laser tuning mode.
4. In DAS, allow a way of detecting which schemes are valid and which virtual lasers have been defined.
5. Set up WLM dark currents as offsets
9. Tell Alex the units of pressure on the RingdownEntry queue (50*torr)
11. Note that max targetting error in hot box calibration is now in RADIANS. 1 cm^-1 is approx 4 radians
16. Calculate optimal update factor for WLM calibration.
17. Tell Carl about labelling of WB Heastsink thermistor on WLM board, Heater/TEC on power board.
20. Find out why we get repeated "end of spectra" requests in Calibrate System.
21. Consider moving sequencer to RDFrequencyConverter.
22. Consider how to send alerts such as sentry failures, pump not connected error, etc. to the user. May need instrument manager to allow
     user to restart system after such failures.
27. Write test for logic board to do memory check, DAS temperature test, etc.
28. Rename DSP mainline file from registerTest to dspMain and registerTest directory to src directory.
29. Look at restarting in sample manager
30. Look at registering more channels of data to database, e.g. from fitter etc.
31. Think about versioning releases - should we make a release repository?
33. Write code for programming I2C EEPROMs.

DONE
7. Look at implementing averaging of metadata at ringdown, rather than just taking the last value.
    - We now do linear extrapolation to the time of the ringdown.

8.  Check that we implement the increment flag for the subscheme Id as follows:
    a) If the flag is set, increment the count after the last ringdown of that row, whether or not the ringdown is successful
        and whether or not a timeout has caused us to short-circuit the row
    b) If the flag is not set but the scheme ends, increment the count.
    c) If stop spectrum is sent and there have been some ringdowns since the last "stop spectrum", increment the count.

13. Implement PZT offsets per virtual laser.
2. Print out reason for sentry breach in log.
14. Modify results viewer to read timestamp column, if it exists.
6. Return laser current and temperature controllers to manual mode when scheming stops.
    - This is done when the spectrum controller transitions to the idle state.
10. Deal with SPECTRUM_IGNORE_MASK.
1. Check over-current flag in DSP and place instrument in safe mode.
    Do this by increasing sentry handler rate to 20Hz and checking if an overcurrent bit is high on two successive samples. Note that
    the FPGA (kernel block) latches overload bits, making it necessary to reset them when an overload condition is detected.
21. Check socket buffer size for broadcaster.
    - This is now 4MB
18. Check for end of scheme file in reader
    - This now raises an exception
19. Fill out names of hot box and warm box calibration file and sequence number in controller by asking the RDFrequencyConverter
    - Done hot and warm box calibration files. Cannot do sequence number, since this is currently part of the controller.
24. Use straight average rather than extrapolation for ratio metadata.
15. Add logic to protect cavity if pump is not turned on. If the output valve is at the maximum or the input valve is at the minimum, we
     flag a pump error and disable valve control if the pressure has not dropped after a certain time.
23. Implement scheme temperature offset per virtual laser.
26. Handle PCA9538 I2C to parallel converter.
28. Write routine to track WLM offsets in saved INI files. The process seems to diverge! Try without 
calibration of WLM.
The value of ADJUST_FACTOR in HotBoxCal.ini needs to be reduced. 5e-5 was too large for the Alpha2 prototype. 
The derived value for APPROX_WLM_ANGLE_PER_FSR is now logged to see if it is close to the expected value of 
0.077 radians.
12. Support four-way switch with XC9536XL CPLD. 
Better solution using 74LV139A and some diodes.
32. Write utility to help in intial determination of laser WLM_OFFSETs. 
25. Archiver hogs CPU. 
    - This was a problem with an infinite loop caused by trying to archive a file that was too large to fit into a group, even if all
    files in the group were deleted. We now raise an error if this occurs.
34. Rewrite the data manager so that all scripts run in a single thread:
        Use a priority queue to keep track of when a synchronous thread is to be run.
        The server which pulls off the fitter queue needs also to pull off the priority queue.
    - Done    
    

    