Cost Reduced Analyzer Warm Box Design Requirements

1. Good thermal control (precise temperature and low gradient) of a volume surrounding the wavelength monitor. A suggested method of providing this control is using a thermoelectric element mounted in the wall of the box with heatsinks on each side, similar to the current warm box. A fan is used to circulate air within the enclosed warm box. Provision should be made for a themal cut-out to interrupt the TEC current. The cables from the fan and TEC go to the high power board.
2. Provide a secure mounting for the wavelength monitor assembly which does not compromise the temperature stability by excessive coupling to the external environment. It should be possible to electrically isolate the copper-tungsten bench of the wavelength 
monitor electrically from the sheet metal of the warm box.
3. Provide details of mounting of small circuit boards to the sides of the monitor assembly which connect to the monitor photodiodes, the etalon thermistor and the monitor bench thermistor. The main circuit board containing the optical switch, analog to digital converters and the header for the ribbon cable to the logic board affixes to these small circuit boards via flex-circuit cables.
4. A semiconductor optical amplifier (SOA) may be present for some variants of the analyzer. If present, the SOA is associated with a circuit board and a heatsink capable of dissipating 10W peak (typically ~3W) of power. The SOA is to be mounted mechanically to the outside of the box, but should not inject heat into the volume under precise thermal control.
5. The box has provision for one, two or four input fiber bulkhead connectors (depending on variant of the analyzer) and has one output fiber bulkhead connector.
6. Optical fiber handling for all the components, using fiber reels as needed to accomodate the bend radius requirements. There are several possible configurations:
a)  No optical switch, no SOA:
    Fiber from single input connector to WLM input, fiber from WLM output to single output connector.
b)  Two way optical switch, no SOA:
    Two fibers from input connectors to optical switch input
    Fiber connector between output of optical switch and input of WLM
    Fiber from WLM output to single output connector.
c)  Two way optical switch, with SOA:
    Two fibers from input connectors to optical switch input
    Fiber connector between output of optical switch and input of WLM
    Fiber from WLM output to input of SOA
    Fiber from SOA output to single output connector.
d)  No optical switch, with SOA
    Fiber from single input connector to WLM input
    Fiber from WLM output to input of SOA
    Fiber from SOA output to single output connector.
e)  Four way optical switch, with no SOA
    Allow for this, although there are no current plans for this analyzer